Update CHANGELOG.md (#1458) (#1565)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

## [`0.7.0-preview`] - 2019-10-11

### New Known Issues:
- MSVC v14.23 removes `typeinfo.h` and replaces it with `typeinfo`. This change causes errors when building the Unreal Engine. This issue **only affects Visual Studio 2019** users. You can work around the issue by:
1. Open Visual Studio Installer.
1. Select "Modify" on your Visual Studio 2019 installation.
1. In the Installation details section uncheck all workloads and components until only **Visual Studio code editor** remains.
1. Select the following items in the Workloads tab:
* **Universal Windows Platform development**
* **.NET desktop development**
* You must also select the **.NET Framework 4.6.2 development tools** component in the Installation details section.
* **Desktop development with C++**

> * You must then deselect **MSVC v142 - VS 2019 C++ x64/x86 build tools (v14.23)**, which was added as part of the **Desktop development with C++** Workload. You will be notified that: "If you continue, we'll remove the componenet and any items liseted above that depend on it." Select remove to confirm your decision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must then deselect **MSVC v142 - VS 2019 C++ x64/x86 build tools (v14.23)**, which was added as part of the **Desktop development with C++** Workload. You will be notified that: "If you continue, we'll remove the component and any items listed above that depend on it." Select remove to confirm your decision.
```
